SARPEDON KABASUJI

in the main package, run BuilderApplication for the Builder or PlayerApplication for the game itself

-------------------------
BUILDER CONCRETE SCENARIO:

Note: levels must be named "LevelX" where X is the number level it will be saved as.

To verify there are no existing levels, try to Load a level named "Level1" or "Level2".
If there are, you will be editing them, if there aren't, the TextField will update.

If you verified there aren't any levels, click the return to menu button and select "Puzzle Builder" button and begin building.

To get a 6 by 6 square, set board size to 6 (board size is in max number of pieces that will fit on the board).
Then select the move tile radio button.
one by one, move tiles so that a six by six board is present.
to set the number of moves to ten, enter the digits "10" into the number of moves text box, being sure to press enter.
to add 6 copies of the 6x1 piece, click on the 6x1 pieces picture in the stock panel six times.
to select the piece and add it to the board, click the move piece radio button, then select the piece you want to move.
click in the board panel to place it.
put the piece back in the bullpen by selecting the piece on the board then clicking in the bullpen.
Save the level as "Level1".

Rerun application and select "Edit Existing Level" Button.
Type "Level1" as the level you want to load.
the gui will show up, and enter "8" into the number of moves box. Press enter. Save again as "Level1".

Rerun Application and select "Lightning Builder" button to build a lightning level.
Select the pieces that you want in the bullpen by clicking on them in the stock panel.
set the time to 30 by typing "30" into the text box, being sure to press enter.
Save the level as "Level2"
-------------------------
PLAYER CONCRETE SCENARIO:

Run PlayerApplication. If there are levels that are not saved, the console will tell you which ones.
Select Level Select(or New Game which will start you at the Beginning, which is only notable if you had made some progress.)
Level 1 is available for play. Click the button to play it.
to move a piece, click on its image in the bullpen, and move mouse over the board panel. Click to place.
You can also pick up a piece already in the board in a puzzle level by clicking on the piece on the board.
the level is over if you run out of moves or there are three stars.
A menu will pop up asking you to go back to the level select screen.
The stars will be displayed, and the next level will be unlocked if you got any stars on the latest level.

Select level two to play.
Timer will start counting immediately. Placing the pieces on the board is the same, but you can't pick them up.
If timer runs out, level is over.
-------------------------
